Great job. You made it.
How exciting is that?
You added a line to a text file?
Yeah, this might seem like over-engineering right now,
but trust me, we're shooting for full automation here.
It's just the beginning,
but it's a beginning that won't need much attention later on.
This kind of automation is essential when you're dealing with unknowns like
host names and IP addresses of instances that haven't even been created yet.
This small step will help you gather that missing information.
Thank goodness we have tools like Bash and AWS CLI,
and EC2 tags to help surface that information.
If you're a little confused about how we reached my solution,
it would be helpful to re-watch the previous video,
where we learned about how to build an Ansible inventory file.